come here girl what you looking at old
man ever notice how you come across
somebody once in a while you shouldn't
have messed with that's me man you crazy
man get out of here
Danny worked hard your whole life maybe
it's time you started thinking about
thinking it easier these places are
nothing like what you'd think maybe
they're great kicking us out on his
birthday I told you this was a bad idea
how these Chinese after moving this they
wrote it floor and Dorothy mentioned
specifically that it was her desire for
you to go to confession and I confess
that I have no desire to confess to a
boy that's just out of the seminary
get off my lawn you better watch your
back thank you heard there was some
trouble in the neighborhood why didn't
you call the police I prayed that they
would show up but nobody answered why
are you bringing me all this garbage
anyway because you saved how I didn't
save anybody you're a hero to the
neighborhood I'm not a hero we're having
barbecue you want to come over who's got
beer - I might as well drink was
stranger it
those guys were here the other night
what about them just a gang here Zeile
if you stay with coz if I have to come
back here again it's gonna be ugly
what was it like to kill a man you don't
want to know
towel and sewer never gonna find peace
in this world as long as that gang's
around what are you gonna do well
whatever it is they won't have a chance